webination um school has been kicking my
ass hard um so yeah school started back
fucking fucking Monday uh my professors
are dumping shit on me as fucking usual
so fucking blame the lack of time I have
video on my fucking professors who want
to give quizzes on syllabus and shit
Stu shit um anyway oh hey how you guys
doing it's like fucking 951 in the
morning and uh I just got a class you're
probably asking yourself is the weeaboo
leader wearing pants I am NOT I am not
wearing fucking pants if they let me be
honest Java quit most I'm not fucking
wear your pants on video I'm either in
fucking gym shorts or it got their
boxers and right now I just have to be
in fucking boxers so fucking we're
family here we don't give a fuck we
don't judge a star von Maur star mom
it's been a while since reacted to a
star bond video almost the last hour
violent video we got to the middle here
solid one this one is called a regret
roid just got to guess gonna let me say
it has to deal with naturally learn know
what to expect from star bomb some weird
fucked up like mentally disturbed men
type shit so without further ado let's
get right into it we have a nation this
is star bond regret roid let's go
it was about the hunter in the depths of
space and she could easily combine your
stupid ass with your face burning her
Samus Aran and she would destroy Metroid
when she wasn't totally as she wasn't
cause she stood up to every challenge no
matter how
courage was amazing and her movies were
outstanding uh nothing I was just saying
that you're brave um okay hey look over
there its kraid
I'm
you're right
you feel
and wait you're not a guy crate was
hesitating such a place you got into a
battle standard manner one to retain and
create under weight I think there has
been a gigantic mistake I actually just
wanted to give you some desserts that
abate what's ever said what gets is me
I'll post in this world is where enemies
get nice one day I'll find out on the
girls so do me a favor and take your
kicks in your pies and shove them so far
up your asses and dumpy your eyes
the phrase a woman
to get through back
you'll never talk to me that way ah gosh
I wonder if it's because you're a huge
disgusting brain
that's the - ah fucking dead
whoops
kill the puppies yeah it was pretty good
a pretty good job on a mission um not
sure who did up Andy animations uh yeah
she did a pretty good job I liked it it
was a pretty awesome video so yeah that
was star bomb regret really die doing it
I like that you guys should go check it
out
show them slow yeah wheel donation as
always all y'all having a great day
great night great evening whatever time
it is where you're at this is bigger
Whipple leader and weeaboo out